added instruction to run neon server (#2224)
nextcloud/neon: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [PHP](https://www.php.net)
- [composer](https://getcomposer.org)
Make sure to initialize the git submodules by running `git submodule update --init --recursive`.
This will add our external dependencies to `external/` so scripts can use them for generation.

> For running the nextcloud server 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running a development Nextcloud instance: 
```

- Install [docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

> - Run the `./tool/dev.sh` file to start the server 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the `./tool/dev.sh` script to start the instance
```
